our committee has focused primarily on
the inadequacies of the investigative
process for the Warren Commission and I
think our report has put out some
substantial new material dealing with
the inadequacy of the investigation the
lack of information and real gaps in the
whole situation supplying the Warren
Commission on the Warren report
specifically what did they overlook what
was the problem with that report well in
many cases vital material was withheld
material was never passed through and
when it should have been and people
conducting the investigation didn't have
the total knowledge it would have been
possible for a complete meaningful
Kennedy assassination investigation and
it skewed the input to the Warren
Commission and I believe the output to